Let's us hear something about the plans of Lin Chi from the last report.
We are now Boxe, and it is the real anti-key for our enemies.
I will now present the situation.
The battle is finally over.
I will report on the situation.
First, I will report on the situation in the north-east.
The battle in the front line of the Yamasaki unit on the east side of the island.
I explained in detail in the previous video.
The unit on the east side of the island was eliminated by the enemy.
On July 29, the enemy was eliminated without any problems.
The enemy's low-air, low-reversible, and nuclear-like actions have been successful.
This is due to the active cooperation of the navy and the Yamasaki unit.
The US military did not make any concessions to our Kitsuka unit.
The enemy's attack on the Kitsuka unit was a two-week operation.
The enemy's announcement made it clear that the attack was finally completed on August 15.
The Kitsuka unit was eliminated, and the enemy's announcement was made next week.
The enemy's number of units is about 30.
The Japanese army has eliminated about half of the enemy's units.
The enemy has given 1 in 3 remaining units to the enemy.
The US has admitted that it was a very effective attack.
I would like to explain the situation in the Yugi-Mia-Soromon area.